Update customer-support.md (#213)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/business-operations/customer-support.md

- Customer Satisfaction.  

Details of these metrics for our Enterprise customers can be found [here](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/business-operations/analytics/metrics-definitions#support-tickets).

## Sales Support

> Support is also provided for customers using our self-service portal which can be access [here](https://customers.mattermost.com/signup). Customer requesting assistance from here will be directed to [this](https://support.mattermost.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360000852671) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support is also provided for customers using our self-service portal which can be accessed [here](https://customers.mattermost.com/signup). Customers requesting assistance from here will be directed to the [**Submit a Request**](https://support.mattermost.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360000852671) page.
```

## Ticket workflow (Sales Support)

> The Sales Support Team use a slightly difernet workflow to the Technical Support Team and this can be seen here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sales Support Team use a slightly different workflow to the Technical Support Team which is illustrated here:
```

> ![](../../.gitbook/assets/Sales_Support_Process_Workflow.png)

Reviewer: This image doesn't show up. Has this been uploaded?

Author: THat's odd, it was showing in preview mode for me yesterday, the file is here:

https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-handbook/blob/0.2.1/.gitbook/assets/Sales_Support_Process_Workflow.png

Note: Descriptions of each status can be found [here](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/business-operations/analytics/metrics-definitions#support-tickets).

### Sales Support ticket request form 

The following information is requested when contacting Sales Support:

|Field | Description |
|------|-------------|
| **CC**  |Add additional email addresses of those who you would like to receive notifications of this issue.|
| **Subject** |A brief description of the issue.            |
| **Category**     |Select a category that best fits the product area affected by the issue raised.            |
| **Description**     |Provide as much detail as possible regarding the issue.              |

> | **Attachments**     |Add screenshots, logs, etc to the ticket here.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Attachments**     |Add screenshots, logs, etc. to the ticket.    
```

### Sales Support categories

The following categories are availble for submiting tickets to the Sales Support Team:

|Name | Description |
|------|-------------|

> | **Credit Card Issues**  |Problems regarding issues with credit card paymemnt|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Credit Card Issues**  |Problems regarding issues with credit card payment.|
```

> | **General** |For issues that don't fit the other categories            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **General** |For issues that don't fit the other categories.            |
```

> | **Licensing**     |For questions regarding the licensing of the Mattermost Product            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Licensing**     |For questions regarding the licensing of the Mattermost Product.            |
```

> | **Pricing**     |For questions regarding the pricing of Mattermost              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Pricing**     |For questions regarding the pricing of Mattermost.              |
```

> | **Product**     |For questions about the different products offered.  PLease note, for Technical Support please click [here](https://support.mattermost.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360000640492)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Product**     |For questions about the different products offered. For Technical Support please click [here](https://support.mattermost.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360000640492).  |
```

> | **Renewals**     |For questions regarding license renewals  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Renewals**     |For questions regarding license renewals.  |
```
